In-place upgrade in an airgapped server (#952)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Upgrading_and_Updating/topics/updating_satellite_server_to_next_minor_version.adoc

[[updating_satellite_server_to_next_minor_version]]

> = Updating {ProjectServer} =

Author: Hmm look here -> https://partha.fedorapeople.org/docs/build/Upgrading_and_Updating/index-katello.html#updating_satellite_server_to_next_minor_version looks valid to me there ?  

It may be incorrect according to ascii doc guide. Going to check and update.

> = Updating {ProjectServer} =

Author: I think you are right going to apply

> = Updating {ProjectServer} =

Reviewer: Cool. Glad it works.  We don't do that in general, just use the = 

THANK YOU SO MUCH for previewing.

* Ensure that you have synchronized {ProjectServer} repositories for {Project}, {SmartProxy}, and {project-client-name}.
* Ensure each external {SmartProxy} and Content Host can be updated by promoting the updated repositories to all relevant Content Views.

> 

Reviewer 2: Probably better to keep this line in.

* Ensure that you have synchronized {ProjectServer} repositories for {Project}, {SmartProxy}, and {project-client-name}.
* Ensure each external {SmartProxy} and Content Host can be updated by promoting the updated repositories to all relevant Content Views.

> ~/{Project}-repos

Reviewer 2: This looks like an odd thing. Copy paste error?

Author: yeh correcting

> ~/{Project}-repos

Author: ```suggestion
```

# reboot
----

> ifdef::satellite[]

Author: I see what you are saying. The main point of this pr is to rewrite the disconnected in-place foreman/satellite upgrade. I'll just add the `ifdef::satellite[]` and hide this from the user.  Basically that section just did sat 6.9 and instructions are totally different for 6.10.

> ifdef::satellite[]

Reviewer: Are these relevant for Satellite 7? If not, this should be pointed towards the 2.5 branch ?

> ifdef::satellite[]

Author: yeh relevant for sat 6.10 and above

> ifdef::satellite[]

Reviewer: Perfect, thanks!

= Updating Disconnected {ProjectServer} =
*Updating Downstream {ProjectServer} to the Next Minor Version*

This section describes the steps needed to update in an Air-gapped Disconnected setup where the Upstream {ProjectServer} (which sychronizes content from CDN) is air gapped from a Downstream {ProjectServer}.

*On the Upstream {ProjectServer}*

* Ensure that you have synchronized the following repositories in your Upstream {ProjectServer}.
** {RepoRHEL7ServerAnsible}
** {RepoRHEL7Server}
** {RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteServerProductVersion}
** {RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion}

> ** {RepoRHEL7ServerSoftwareCollections}  

Reviewer: We have editing standards that I am trying to implement in this PR. 
We don't use these sub bullets in these docs. 
Your entry was fine but the formatting was not. 
I think it is best to use the variables. 
If you want use a single bulleted list.

*Fetching the repository content from Upstream {ProjectServer}*

* On the Upstream {ProjectServer} download the debug certificate of the organizaiton and store it locally  at `/etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem`. Note you can download it anywhere this is just a suggested location.
* Create a new configuration file as follows:
+

> [options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]guides/doc-Upgrading_and_Updating/topics/updating_satellite_server_to_next_minor_version.adoc

Author: Interesting the preview didn't show this.  Will address

enabled=1
sslclientcert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslclientkey = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslcacert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/katello-server-ca.crt

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion}]
name={ProjectName} Maintenance 6 for RHEL 7 Server RPMs x86_64
baseurl=https://satellite.example.com/pulp/content/My_Organization/Library/content/dist/rhel/server/7/7Server/x86_64/sat-maintenance/6/os/
enabled=1
sslclientcert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslclientkey = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslcacert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/katello-server-ca.crt
sslverify = 1

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSoftwareCollections}]
name=Red Hat Software Collections RPMs for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server x86_64
baseurl=https://satellite.example.com/pulp/content/My_Organization/Library/content/dist/rhel/server/7/7Server/x86_64/rhscl/1/os/
enabled=1
sslclientcert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslclientkey = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslcacert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/katello-server-ca.crt
sslverify = 1
----
+

> * In the configuration file, replace 
> ** `/etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem` in `sslclientcert` and `sslclientkey` with the location of the downloaded organization debug certificate.
> ** `satellite.example.com` with correct FQDN 
> ** `My_Organization` with the correct organization label in the `baseurl`. To obtain the organization label, enter the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the configuration file, replace `/etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem` in `sslclientcert` and `sslclientkey` with the location of the downloaded organization debug certificate.
. Update `{foreman-example-com}` with correct FQDN for your deployment. 
. Replace `My_Organization` with the correct organization label in the `baseurl`. 
To obtain the organization label, enter the following command:
```

+
----
# hammer organization list
----

> * Run the `reposync` command as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter the `reposync` command:
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# cd ~
# reposync --delete --download-metadata -p satellite_repos -n \
 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerAnsible} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7Server} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteServerProductVersion} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerSoftwareCollections}
----

> * This will download the contents of these repositories from the Upstream Satellite and store it in the directory `~/satellite-repos`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This downloads the contents of the repositories from the connected {ProjectServer} and stores them in the directory `~/{Project}-repos`.
```

> * `reposync` in RHEL 7 at this point does not download the yum metadata. It downloads just the rpms. Due to we would need to manually run `createrepo .` in each sub-directory of `satellite-repos`. You may use the following to automate this. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `reposync` command in {RHEL} 7 does not download the RPMs but not the Yum metadata. 
Because of this, you must manually run `createrepo .` in each sub-directory of `{Project}-repos`. 
You can use the following command to automate this: 
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----

> # cd ~/satellite-repos

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# cd ~/{Project}-repos
```

# for directory in $(ls -d */)
do
  echo "Processing $directory"
  cd $directory
  createrepo .
  cd ..
done
----

> * Verify that the rpm's have been downloaded and the repodata directory is generated in each of the subdirectories of `~/satellite-repos`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the RPMs have been downloaded and the repository data directory is generated in each of the sub-directories of `~/{Project}-repos`.
```

> * Archive the contents of the directory 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Archive the contents of the directory. 
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# cd ~
# tar czf satellite-repos.tgz satellite-repos
----

> * We can now use the generated `satellite-repos.tgz` file to upgrade in the Downstream {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Use the generated `{Project}-repos.tgz` file to upgrade in the disconnected {ProjectServer}.
```

> *On the Downstream {ProjectServer}*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform the following steps on the disconnected {ProjectServer}.
```

> * Copy the generated `satellite-repos.tgz` file from above to Downstream {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Copy the generated `{Project}-repos.tgz` file to your disconnected {ProjectServer}.
```

> * Extract the archive to anywhere accessible by root. In the example below we are extracting it at `/root`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Extract the archive to anywhere accessible by the `root` user. 
In the following example `/root` is the extraction location. 
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# cd /root
# tar zxf satellite-repos.tgz
----

> * Create a new yum configuration file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
. Create a Yum configuration file:
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----

> # vi /etc/yum.repos.d/redhat-local.repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# vi /etc/yum.repos.d/redhat-local.repo
----
+
```

Reviewer 2: Alternative: don't suggest an editor to the user?

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the following repository information to the file:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
```

[{RepoRHEL7ServerAnsible}]
name=Ansible {SatelliteAnsibleVersion} RPMs for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server x86_64
baseurl=file:///root/satellite_repos/rhel-7-server-ansible-2.9-rpms

> >>>>>>> 072ea2d6 (In-place upgrade in an airgapped server)

Reviewer: This looks like garbage from a conflict.

enabled=1

[{RepoRHEL7Server}]
name=Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server RPMs x86_64

> baseurl=file:///root/satellite_repos/rhel-7-server-rpms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
baseurl=file:///root/{Project}_repos/rhel-7-server-rpms
```
Can you confirm the file name for Foreman and Satellite?

enabled=1

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteServerProductVersion}]
name={ProjectNameX} for RHEL 7 Server RPMs x86_64

> baseurl=file:///root/satellite_repos/rhel-7-server-satellite-6.10-rpms

Reviewer: Please use the attribute here also.

enabled=1

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion}]
name={ProjectName} Maintenance 6 for RHEL 7 Server RPMs x86_64
baseurl=file:///root/satellite_repos/rhel-7-server-satellite-maintenance-6-rpms
enabled=1

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSoftwareCollections}]
name=Red Hat Software Collections RPMs for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server x86_64
baseurl=file:///root/satellite_repos/rhel-server-rhscl-7-rpms
enabled=1

> ----

Reviewer: Please use the attributes everywhere. Please please please.

+

> * In the configuration file, replace the `/root/satellite_repos` with the extracted location (if that is in a different directory.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the configuration file, replace the `/root/{Project}_repos` with the extracted location.
```

* Check the available versions to confirm the next minor version is listed:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} upgrade list-versions
----

. Use the health check option to determine if the system is ready for upgrade.
On first use of this command, `{foreman-maintain}` prompts you to enter the hammer admin user credentials and saves them in the `/etc/foreman-maintain/foreman-maintain-hammer.yml` file.
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} upgrade check --target-version {TargetVersion}.__z__
----
+
Review the results and address any highlighted error conditions before performing the upgrade.

> * Because of the lengthy update time, use a utility such as `screen` to suspend and reattach a communication session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of the lengthy update time, use a utility such as `screen` to suspend and reattach a communication session.
```

You can then check the upgrade progress without staying connected to the command shell continuously.
For more information about using the screen command, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/5247[How do I use the screen command?] article in the _Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledge{nbsp}Base_.
+
If you lose connection to the command shell where the upgrade command is running, you can see the logged messages in the `{installer-log-file}` file to check if the process completed successfully.

> * Perform the upgrade:

Reviewer: These completely unnecessary changes are truly painful to review. 
It was not needed at all. 
```suggestion
. Perform the upgrade:
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} upgrade run --target-version {TargetVersion}.__z__
----

> * Check when the kernel packages were last updated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Check when the kernel packages were last updated:
```

+
[options="nowrap"]
----
# rpm -qa --last | grep kernel
----

> * Optional: If a kernel update occurred since the last reboot, stop the `{foreman-maintain}` services and reboot the system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: If a kernel update occurred since the last reboot, stop the `{foreman-maintain}` services and reboot the system:
```

----

ifdef::satellite[]

> = Updating Disconnected {ProjectServer} 

Reviewer 2: Trailing whitespace here
```suggestion
= Updating Disconnected {ProjectServer}
```

*Updating Disconnected {ProjectServer} to the Next Minor Version*

> This section describes the steps needed to update in an Air-gapped Disconnected setup where the Upstream {ProjectServer} (which sychronizes content from CDN) is air gapped from a disconnected {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: Please use connected/disconnected and not upstream/downstream. Please!

enabled=1
sslclientcert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslclientkey = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslcacert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/katello-server-ca.crt
sslverify = 1

[{RepoRHEL7Server}]
name=Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server RPMs x86_64
baseurl=https://{foreman-example-com}/pulp/content/My_Organization/Library/content/dist/rhel/server/7/7Server/x86_64/os/
enabled=1
sslclientcert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslclientkey = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslcacert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/katello-server-ca.crt
sslverify = 1

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteServerProductVersion}]
name={ProjectNameX} for RHEL 7 Server RPMs x86_64
baseurl=https://{foreman-example-com}/pulp/content/My_Organization/Library/content/dist/rhel/server/7/7Server/x86_64/satellite/6.10/os/
enabled=1
sslclientcert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslclientkey = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslcacert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/katello-server-ca.crt

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion}]

> name={ProjectName} Maintenance 6 for RHEL 7 Server RPMs x86_64

Reviewer 2: This is OK for a cherry pick to an older version but heads up that this will change for Satellite 7 and technically master should already be following 7.

. Update `{foreman-example-com}` with correct FQDN for your deployment.
. Replace `My_Organization` with the correct organization label in the `baseurl`.
To obtain the organization label, enter the command:
+
----
# hammer organization list
----

. Enter the `reposync` command:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# reposync --delete --download-metadata -p ~/{Project}-repos -n \
 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerAnsible} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7Server} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteServerProductVersion} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerSoftwareCollections}
----
+
This downloads the contents of the repositories from the connected {ProjectServer} and stores them in the directory `~/{Project}-repos`.
The `reposync` command in {RHEL} 7 downloads the RPMs but not the Yum metadata.
Because of this, you must manually run `createrepo` in each sub-directory of `{Project}-repos`. Make sure you have the `createrepo` rpm installed. If not use the following command to install it.
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----

> # {foreman-maintain} packages install createrepo

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# {package-install-project} createrepo
```

name={ProjectName} Maintenance 6 for RHEL 7 Server RPMs x86_64
baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/{RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion}
enabled=1

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSoftwareCollections}]
name=Red Hat Software Collections RPMs for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server x86_64
baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/{RepoRHEL7ServerSoftwareCollections}
enabled=1
----
+
. In the configuration file, replace the `/root/{Project}-repos` with the extracted location.
. Check the available versions to confirm the next minor version is listed:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} upgrade list-versions
----
+
. Use the health check option to determine if the system is ready for upgrade.
On first use of this command, `{foreman-maintain}` prompts you to enter the hammer admin user credentials and saves them in the `/etc/foreman-maintain/foreman-maintain-hammer.yml` file.
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} upgrade check --whitelist="check-upstream-repository,repositories-validate" --target-version {ProductVersion}.__z__
----
+
Review the results and address any highlighted error conditions before performing the upgrade.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```
And below. 
Can you preview locally and ensure this all flows as one procedure?

Author: Addressed this comment by making it a `.` instead of `+` to be consistent with what was  on line 45.
Check out 
https://partha.fedorapeople.org/docs/build/Upgrading_and_Updating/index-satellite.html#_updating_disconnected_satelliteserver 
and let me know.

+
. Use the health check option to determine if the system is ready for upgrade.
On first use of this command, `{foreman-maintain}` prompts you to enter the hammer admin user credentials and saves them in the `/etc/foreman-maintain/foreman-maintain-hammer.yml` file.
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foreman-maintain} upgrade check --target-version {ProjectVersion}.__z__
# {foreman-maintain} upgrade check --whitelist="check-upstream-repository,repositories-validate" --target-version {ProductVersion}.__z__
----
+
Review the results and address any highlighted error conditions before performing the upgrade.

. Because of the lengthy update time, use a utility such as `screen` to suspend and reattach a communication session.
Because of the lengthy update time, use a utility such as `screen` to suspend and reattach a communication session.
You can then check the upgrade progress without staying connected to the command shell continuously.
For more information about using the screen command, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/5247[How do I use the screen command?] article in the _Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledge{nbsp}Base_.

> +

Reviewer: Losing these + signs starts a new procedure. 
Can you play around with one here and above.

[{RepoRHEL7ServerAnsible}]
name=Ansible {SatelliteAnsibleVersion} RPMs for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server x86_64

> baseurl=https://{foreman-example-com}/pulp/content/My_Organization/Library/content/dist/rhel/server/7/7Server/x86_64/ansible/2.9/os/

Reviewer 2: Why hardcode x86_64 and not use `$basearch`? Also, instead of `7Server` I believe you can write `$releasever` in yum repo files. Sadly I don't think there's a macro in RHEL that resolves to `7` so you can't make the path fully dynamic.
```suggestion
baseurl=https://{foreman-example-com}/pulp/content/My_Organization/Library/content/dist/rhel/server/7/$releasever/$basearch/ansible/{SatelliteAnsibleVersion}/os/
```

This should get you closer to preparing for supporting RHEL 8.

enabled=1
sslclientcert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslclientkey = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslcacert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/katello-server-ca.crt
sslverify = 1

[{RepoRHEL7Server}]
name=Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server RPMs x86_64
baseurl=https://{foreman-example-com}/pulp/content/My_Organization/Library/content/dist/rhel/server/7/7Server/x86_64/os/
enabled=1
sslclientcert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslclientkey = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslcacert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/katello-server-ca.crt
sslverify = 1

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteServerProductVersion}]
name={ProjectNameX} for RHEL 7 Server RPMs x86_64

> baseurl=https://{foreman-example-com}/pulp/content/My_Organization/Library/content/dist/rhel/server/7/7Server/x86_64/satellite/6.10/os/

Reviewer 2: Please keep using `{ProjectVersion}` and don't hardcode versions.

Reviewer 2: This is still here

# for directory in */
do
  echo "Processing $directory"
  cd $directory
  createrepo .
  cd ..
done
----
+
. Verify that the RPMs have been downloaded and the repository data directory is generated in each of the sub-directories of `~/{Project}-repos`.
. Archive the contents of the directory
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# cd ~
# tar czf {Project}-repos.tgz {Project}-repos
----
. Use the generated `{Project}-repos.tgz` file to upgrade in the disconnected {ProjectServer}.

Perform the following steps on the disconnected {ProjectServer}

. Copy the generated `{Project}-repos.tgz` file to your disconnected {ProjectServer}
. Extract the archive to anywhere accessible by the `root` user.
In the following example `/root` is the extraction location.
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# cd /root
# tar zxf {Project}-repos.tgz
----
. Create a Yum configuration file:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# vi /etc/yum.repos.d/redhat-local.repo
----
+
. Add the following repository information to the file:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
[{RepoRHEL7ServerAnsible}]
name=Ansible {SatelliteAnsibleVersion} RPMs for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server x86_64

> baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/rhel-7-server-ansible-2.9-rpms

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/{RepoRHEL7ServerAnsible}
```

enabled=1

[{RepoRHEL7Server}]
name=Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server RPMs x86_64

> baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/rhel-7-server-rpms

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/{RepoRHEL7Server}
```

enabled=1

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteServerProductVersion}]
name={ProjectNameX} for RHEL 7 Server RPMs x86_64

> baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/rhel-7-server-satellite-6.10-rpms

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/{RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteServerProductVersion}
```

enabled=1

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion}]
name={ProjectName} Maintenance 6 for RHEL 7 Server RPMs x86_64

> baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/rhel-7-server-satellite-maintenance-6-rpms

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/{RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion}
```

enabled=1

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSoftwareCollections}]
name=Red Hat Software Collections RPMs for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server x86_64

> baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/rhel-server-rhscl-7-rpms

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
baseurl=file:///root/{Project}-repos/{RepoRHEL7ServerSoftwareCollections}
```

enabled=1
sslclientcert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslclientkey = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslcacert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/katello-server-ca.crt
sslverify = 1

[{RepoRHEL7ServerSoftwareCollections}]
name=Red Hat Software Collections RPMs for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Server x86_64
baseurl=https://{foreman-example-com}/pulp/content/My_Organization/Library/content/dist/rhel/server/7/7Server/x86_64/rhscl/1/os/
enabled=1
sslclientcert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslclientkey = /etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem
sslcacert = /etc/pki/katello/certs/katello-server-ca.crt
sslverify = 1
----
+
. In the configuration file, replace `/etc/pki/katello/certs/org-debug-cert.pem` in `sslclientcert` and `sslclientkey` with the location of the downloaded organization debug certificate.
. Update `{foreman-example-com}` with correct FQDN for your deployment. 
. Replace `My_Organization` with the correct organization label in the `baseurl`. 
To obtain the organization label, enter the command:
+
----
# hammer organization list
----

. Enter the `reposync` command:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----

> # cd ~

Reviewer: We separate each command into separate steps. 
So here we'd need a command, "Return to your previous location" or something like that and the cd - alone. 
cd -d doesn't generally need root.

> # reposync --delete --download-metadata -p {Project}-repos -n \

Reviewer: Separate procedure to introduce this.

 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerAnsible} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7Server} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteServerProductVersion} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerSatelliteMaintenanceProductVersion} \
 -r {RepoRHEL7ServerSoftwareCollections}
----

This downloads the contents of the repositories from the connected {ProjectServer} and stores them in the directory `~/{Project}-repos`.
The `reposync` command in {RHEL} 7 does not download the RPMs but not the Yum metadata. 
Because of this, you must manually run `createrepo .` in each sub-directory of `{Project}-repos`. 
You can use the following command to automate this: 
+
[options="nowrap" subs="attributes"]
----
# cd ~/{Project}-repos

> # for directory in $(ls -d */)

Reviewer 2: Using `ls` in loops this way is considered a bad practice. The user may have other weird funky aliases. Doesn't this also work?
```suggestion
# for directory in */
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Here too. 
Preview locally and make sure there are no + signs.

Review the results and address any highlighted error conditions before performing the upgrade.

Because of the lengthy update time, use a utility such as `screen` to suspend and reattach a communication session.
You can then check the upgrade progress without staying connected to the command shell continuously.
For more information about using the screen command, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/5247[How do I use the screen command?] article in the _Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledge{nbsp}Base_.

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
This needs to be removed as it is breaking the syntax.
